⏯️ Pause backfills + select query timeout (#2003)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/reference/backfills.mdx

For partial backfills, you choose a sort column. Sequin will order rows by the sort column. You may choose any column as the sort column, but we strongly recommend using a column that is indexed.

> ## Query timeout
> 
> Sequin automatically tunes batch sizes in its select queries to maximize throughput during backfills (i.e. messages per second). This setting controls the maximum amount of time each select query should take.
> 
> Sequin uses a PageSizeOptimizer that will decrease page sizes as necessary to keep select queries below this limit. This ensures consistent performance and prevents timeouts even when processing large batches of data.
> 
> If you're unsure, the default of 5000ms (5 seconds) is fine to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Query timeout

Sequin automatically tunes batch sizes in its `select` queries to maximize throughput during backfills (i.e. maximize messages per second). It does so while respecting a max query timeout limit of 5 seconds.

You can tune this timeout limit when starting a backfill. Setting to a lower value may decrease database contention but impact throughput.
```
